You go back to the house and rest first
I talk to the madman alone
Dad, I haven't finished talking about Brother Hidden Dragon yet
Then you can go back to the house to rest.
Hmm dad
Be obedient, miss, please
Crazy, where did I send what I asked you to send?
I have personally handed over the recruitment to Brother Haha.
It was handed over to the guard
And now you're lying to me?
You are now in the hands of the guards
Xiaoming is looking for someone to decipher it quickly.
Just mention
They can get the results and send them to me
Brother, shouldn't you?
We handed it over to him at will.
I really can't see through the house thing
What is Crouching Tiger Villa going to do?
Big brother was in a very critical situation at the time
I just want to ask for Linger
I didn't think too much about it.
Think you can survive the night with that explanation?
Ah!
Dad, what are you doing?
Don't stand up for adults
Go home and rest
Dad, I never ask about business
But Caofeng was there to save me
Why are you making it difficult for him?
Ling'er, go back to the house first, and I'll explain it to my brother.
I'm not going back
Brother Tibetan Feng made a mistake to save me
Ah Linger
I would trade my life for my life